Adds in App Instance Property support (#1584)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/submit-app/submission2-specific/saml2/submit.md

#### Configure variables

* **Does your ACS URL or Audience URI vary per tenant?** &mdash; If you select **Yes**, a new field appears to assist you in setting up a per tenant configuration.
  * **What variables do your admins need to specify to install your app?** &mdash; When you click **Add Variable**, the interface displays a dialog box to collect the following information:
  * **Label Name** &mdash; A descriptive name for the dynamic variable that administrators see when installing your app integration.
  * **Variable Name** &mdash; an automatically generated variable used when constructing the dynamic address. This is hidden from admins and is only passed to your external application.
  * **Help Text** &mdash; Any descriptive text to be shown to administrators when installing your app integration.
  * **Type** &mdash; The property type for your parameter. Options are "String", "URL", or "HTTPS URL".
  * Click **Save** to add the variable to the list.

    After the variable is created, you can click the pencil icon to make changes to the details, the clipboard icon to copy the **Variable Name** to your local clipboard, or the "X" icon to remove the variable entirely.

>   * **Construct your dynamic ACS URL by copying the variables above and pasting them where applicable** &mdash; Provide your complete Assertion Consumer Service (ACS) URL endpoint where Okta will post SAML responses for your app integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Construct your dynamic ACS URL by copying the variables above and pasting them where applicable** &mdash; Provide your complete Assertion Consumer Service (ACS) URL endpoint where Okta posts SAML responses for your app integration.
```
